Disgaea 2: Cursed Memories First Impressions
Published on September 01, 2006.
So I got my Disgaea 2 preorder in the mail a few days ago, and I’ve already played about 8+ hours.
Yeah, my semester is really going to hell.
Anyway, I thought I’d write about my impressions of the sequel to probably the best game ever.
So far, this game is pretty much like the original Disgaea.
That’s a good thing.
The story is different, but almost everything is the same as the original.
For example, the grid based movement system is back.
The lifting and throwing system is still there.
The geo panel stuff is also still present.
Basically the only thing that has changed are the characters and the setting.
As for the story, it’s ok.
It centers around a human, Adell, trying to summon a powerful demon overlord into changing his family back into humans.
They were turned into demons a few years back.
He ends up summoning the overlord’s hot daughter, Rozalin instead.
The story can get a little heavy sometimes with Adell being emo, but for the most part it’s pretty funny.
The only new feature I’ve noticed so far is the felony system.
I didn’t really look into it that much, but commiting crimes basically means that your demon has certain advantages in the game.
The crimes I commited so far are “Geo Vandalism” and “High RES.”
They seem kind of random.
I might write about Disgaea 2 some more once I’ve gotten more into it.
For now, I think I better regulate my playing, or this might not turn out to be my last semester of college after all!